The interoperable interface model defining both the NPAC to Local SMS and the
SOA to NPAC SMS shall be specified in terms of ISO 10165-4, "Guideline for the
Definition of Managed Objects (GDMO)”. 

Lag Frames – The BE shall receive LTA or Speed Dump Lag Frames from the
Correlator. For a detailed description of the two dump formats see Reference 8,
pages 69 to 71. This will most likely be in the form of one or more frames per
UDP/IP packet 

The system shall strictly separate transient or volatile batch operation control
records – e.g. bridge records to be included in a report – from more static
control record – e.g. currently checked-out bridges.19 

The complexity of the text search algorithm shall not exceed O(n2) for n nodes.

The system shall be compatible with a centralized HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and
Air Conditioning) systems: gas, oil, electricity, solar, or a combination of two
or more. The system shall adhere to the standards, policies and procedures of
the American Society of Heating, Refrigerating and Air-Conditioning Engineers
[ASHRAE 2010]. 

NPAC SMS shall allow NPAC personnel to view Service Provider data. 

The TCS shall, as a minimum, have the functionality to provide the following
control capabilities: 1. Send and receive tactical communication messages.
[SSS222] 2. Send and receive annotated and un-annotated digital imagery.
[SSS223] 3. Establish digital communication and when completed terminate
communications to the C4I systems specified in Section 3.2.5 [SSS224]. 4.
Establish and when completed terminate digital communication to peripheral
devices. [SSS225] 

An FAQ section – a set of “Frequently Asked Questions” about use and maintenance
of the DigitalHome System (e.g., “How do I change my password?”, “Where to I go
to get DigitalHome support?”). 

Systems supporting OM must be able to create and send messages for laboratory
test requests. This requirement is identified as a key performance measure for
assessing preparedness as described in PHIN Preparedness Key Performance
Measures, available at www.cdc.gov/phin. 

Upon activation of the registration function, a USSD message (see section 11)
shall be sent by the Cab radio. (M) 

When displaying the VIL Precipitation Mosaic data or CIWS Echo Tops Mosaic data
in an animated loop, the system shall display the following: a. Absolute time of
the day associated with the image being displayed b. Relative time (+/- min) of
the image being displayed with respect to the current time. 

The presence test shall [SRS184] also ascertain that all processors are
executing the same 50 Hz, 10 Hz and 1 Hz frames. 

NPAC SMS shall accept the following optional fields from the new Service
Provider or NPAC personnel for an active Subscription Version to be modified: •
Billing Service Provider ID • End-User Location - Value • End-User Location -
Type 

For other software exceptions, regardless of whether or not a user written
exception handling routine is invoked, if an exception occurs, the scheduler
shall [SRS173], after making available the error type and context data to the
application, resume processing (after the exception-handling routine runs, if
provided) at the initialization point of the offending task. 

As part of System Initialization , the Boot ROM shall [SRS234] be configured to,
after completing IBIT, call the manufacturer-supplied VxWorks Board Support
Package (BSP) initialization software followed by a call to the FTSS System
Initialization software. 

The integrated aircraft system shall meet all the requirements of this SRD and
Appendix A. The integration of the Enhanced ALQ-172 and LBJ with the AC-130U and
MC-130H aircraft shall not compromise their ability to safely accomplish all
intended operational missions defined in their respective System Specifications.
The terms "minimize changes" and "not significantly degrade" are used in this
context throughout this SRD. 

All equipment shall not degrade photochemically when exposed to solar radiation
of up to 1200 W/m2. (M) 

The following train data shall be sent from the on board to the trackside: (M)
Train running number STM ready for use train gauge Max. axle load status of air
tight system type of el. power accepted international train category max. train
speed train length. 

The TCS shall allow the operator to set the LOL delay timer(s) during mission
planning. [SSS075] The LOL delay is the time from when the AV detects an
unplanned LOL to the time it initiates LOL procedures. 

When the train is stationary or after a certain time (e.g. the time for "route
releasing" of the overlap, the release speed calculation shall be based on the
distance to the danger point (if calculated on-board). The condition for this
change shall be defined for each target as infrastructure data. (M) 

User's will be able to pick up a tile from the wall if it is their turn. If they
choose to pick up, the MultiMahjongClient must send this information to the
MultiMahjongServer. 

The Cab radio shall provide a means for the driver to terminate calls which he
is authorised to terminate (ie all calls except Railway emergency calls not
initiated by the driver and shunting group calls). (M) 

All users of the system shall login using some form of unique identification.
(e.g., username and password) 

If the FCP is configured as a triplex, and if the NEFU is not still active (3
NEs active total), and another failure in the FCP FCR is diagnosed, Redundancy
Management shall [SRS284] mask out the processors on the failed FCR. The NE will
remain in the CT and no recovery will take place. Note that a failed FCR could
be diagnosed using any method, including (but not limited to) Continuous BIT,
ICP presence test, or NE syndrome analysis. 

Have map be able to show quantity of pumpage. Hover over or click a point in the
map and see the average rolling 12, peak month, and max month compared to the
pumpage of the well. Also get the cumulative quantities for an area you enter
manually. 

For recovery from abnormal termination, TCS shall prompt the operator to select
the type of recovery to be executed: (1)Resume in the Same Modes And Data;
(2)Resume in the Same Modes but Review and Modify the Command Data as Necessary;
or, (3) Perform a Command Shutdown and Startup Via the Normal Startup Mode.
[SSS031] 

NPAC SMS shall require one of the following data items to identify the Service
Provider data to be modified: Service Provider ID or Service Provider Name The
Service Provider ID is required over the SOA to NPAC SMS interface and the NPAC
SMS to Local SMS interface. 

The user shall be able to hide a set of selected displayed nodes. The HATS-GUI
shall change the display by removing the selected nodes from the display and
changing the parent and descendant nodes of the removed nodes to nodes with
hidden descendants and parents, respectively. 

Each link displayed on the map shall be color coded to provide a graphical
depiction of speeds. A configuration file shall be provided to specify specific
speed values. The color coding shall be as follows: · Green - speeds > TBD MPH ·
Yellow - speeds between TBD and TBD MPH · Red – speeds below TBD MPH 

The Startup State shall be comprised of the following modes: Normal Startup Mode
and Recovery Startup Mode. [SSS017] 

The HATS-GUI shall allow the user to select the colors for types of displayed
nodes in a displayed graph. At a minimum, the system shall provide eight colors
(red, yellow, white, black, green, blue, orange, and violet) for displayed
nodes. 

When the user selects “Submit” on the “Create Flight Plan” screen, the FPMS
shall do the following: a. Check that all entries are valid according to any
constraints given in Table 2; b. Save the flight plan in the knowledge base, and
c. Submit the flight plan file to the TGF for approval. 

20% of all downloads as specified in R6-28.1, R6-28.2, R6-29.1 and R6-29.2 will
be processed via range activations. 

When the THEMAS system is initialized, it shall first turn off all the heating
and cooling units. Then , it shall check all the thermostats and determine if
any thermostat’s settings require a heating or cooling unit to be turned on back
on. 

The integrated aircraft system, excluding the Group B, shall have a service life
of 30,000 hours using the AC-130U and MC-130H System Specification defined
mission profiles. New, modified, and affected structure shall be designed to
achieve the desired service life. Installation of the Enhanced ALQ-172 and LBJ
shall not shorten the service lives of the AC-130U and MC-130H aircraft. 

The THEMAS system shall ensure the temperature reported by a given thermostat
shall not exceed a maximum deviation value of 3 degrees Fahrenheit. 

When the user selects “Custom Route,” the FPMS shall display the “Custom Route”
screen, as shown in Fig. 4, with the following fields populated from the flight
plan data entries: a) Departure time b) Speed c) Departure point city, latitude,
and longitude d) Departure point true course and distance are blank e)
Destination city, latitude and longitude 

System Initialization shall [SRS215] call an application initialization function
to allow the application to (at least) create tasks, create communication
sockets, initialize the vehicle mode, and initialize memory alignment allowance.

The TCS flight route planner shall include, as a minimum, the following flight
planning tools: 1. Weight and balance take off data calculations. [SSS083] 2.
Fuel Calculations. [SSS084] 3. Terrain avoidance warning for line of sight
flights. [SSS085] 4. Minimum data link reception altitude calculations for line
of sight flights. [SSS554] 5. Payload search area information such as: visual
acuity range due to atmospheric conditions, diurnal transition periods for
thermal imagery, and lunar and solar terrain shadowing. [SSS086] 6. Ability to
designate flight corridors and restricted air space. [SSS087] 

The “Create Flight Plan” screen shall display the labels and GUI elements as
described in Table 2. 

When the system rejects one or more TOS options in the TOS message, the system
shall send a TOS Error message to the originator of the TOS message identifying
the reason(s) for error(s). 

The utility timer shall [SRS256] have a resolution equal to or better than 60.6
nanoseconds. 

Each waypoint shall be identified with a unique name consisting of five letters
beginning with the characters “VP.” 

Continuous BIT shall [SRS097] detect a failed ICP processor by detecting the
absence of a periodic message for 2 consecutive minor cycles. 

Each active display window shall have a mouse cursor, which indicates the
location of the pointing device in the window. 

NPAC SMS shall require one of the following network data download choices: •
npa-nxx-data (with one of the two selections below) - npa-nxx-range - all • lrn
data (with one of the two selections below) - lrn-range - all • all network data
• npa-nxx-x-data (with one of the two selections below) - npa-nxx-x-range - all

Continuous BIT shall [SRS094] reset the processor’s built-in watchdog timer at
50 Hz. A failure to reset the watchdog timer within the allotted time (nominally
1.6 seconds) will generate a processor reset. 

All EIRENE mobile equipment shall conform to [EN 60950] (Safety of Information
Technology Equipment), including Electrical Business Equipment, 1993, plus
amendments A1 and A2. (M) 

Module Features – The CMIB shall contain 64 Mbytes or greater of SDRAM, IDE hard
disk interface, minimum of one serial and one parallel interface, PCI/ISA buses,
100BaseT network interface, capacity to boot and run a generic COTS operating
system in a near real-time environment from local non-volatile storage. 

There shall be exactly one file describing the lexical specification of inputs
associated with an application. It shall have the file extension .spec. 

If a failure in an FCR other than the NEFU is diagnosed when the FCP is
configured as a degraded triplex, no action shall [SRS254] be taken. Note that a
failed FCR could be diagnosed using any method, including (but not limited to)
Continuous BIT, ICP presence test, or NE syndrome analysis. 

If the user selects the “Create Flight Plan” button, the system shall display
the “Create Flight Plan” screen with a form for data entry as noted in Table 2.

Handheld mobile equipment shall be capable of withstanding the following levels
of continuous sinusoidal vibration: (M) - frequency range: 5-200 Hz; -
peak-to-peak amplitude: 7.5 mm; - peak acceleration: 1.5g. 

For the NEFU, if errors are identified after the processor has been masked out,
and if at least 4 NEs are still active, the NE shall [SRS283] be removed from
the configuration and recovery will be attempted. Note that the NEFU recovery
does not depend on whether alignment is permitted. 

NPAC SMS shall allow the following data to be modified in a pending, or conflict
Subscription Version for a “porting to original” port by the new Service
Provider or NPAC personnel: • Due Date - New Service Provider date on which
“port to original” is planned to occur. 

Hardware Visual Health Monitoring – The carrier board for the CMIB shall have an
externally visible indicator (LED or other) that will provide a user with a
physical indication of CMIB operational status (red = fault, green = ok). 

Auto-correction – the CMCS shall be self-monitoring. It will be capable of
detecting, reporting on and automatically taking action to remedy or lessen the
impact of, at a minimum, the following types of abnormal conditions: processor
hardware failure, operating system hangs or crashes, temperature or voltage
deviations, computational performance below minimum specifications,
computational error rates above maximum specification, internal communications
failures, and external (with the EVLA M&C) communications disruptions. 

Communication services shall [SRS064] provide the following error handling
information as feedback to the "message queue" API calls: a) notification of
invalid or out of range application specified parameters on all operations, b)
notification of an attempt to create a broadcast message queue, c) message queue
"open" of end point ( SENDER/RECEIVER ) by non-assigned virtual group, d)
message queue is full when performing a send operation, e)
connection/transmission error, f) FTSS unable to create/open message queue, and
g) notification that a received message was truncated to the buffer size
provided. 

The “Route Details” screen shall display the routes content as shown in Fig. 3.

For MPCC/FTSS interfaces see the Radstone MPCC01 Firmware Manual, Pub
#YD681MPCC1, and Radstone MPCC01 Hardware Manual, Pub #HH681MPCC1. The telemetry
serial line on the MPCC cards will be configured as follows: • Mode: 0x1103 o
SLDC Mode o Buffered Transfer o Single Frame Transfer o Report a Break
character, but do not close the RX channel o Normal Operation - Note: CRC is
always generated in SDLC mode • Baud Speed: 2,097,152 bps • Buffer size: 13,000
bytes • No parity, 1 stop bit, 8 bit chars: 0x80 The command serial line on the
MPCC cards will be configured as follows: • Mode: 0x1103 o SLDC Mode o Buffered
Transfer o Single Frame Transfer o Report a Break character, but do not close
the RX channel o Normal Operation - Note: CRC is always generated in SDLC mode •
Buffer size: 332 bytes • Baud Speed: 1,048,576 bps • No parity, 1 stop bit, 8
bit chars: 0x80 

NPAC SMS shall, upon broadcasting the delete of the Subscription Version to EDR
Local SMSs, and create of Subscription Version to non-EDR Local SMSs, set the
status of the previously active Subscription Version being disconnected due to
the port-to-original request to: (Previously SV-423.3) • Active, if ALL EDR and
non-EDR Local SMSs, fail the broadcast. • Old, for all other cases. 

The THEMAS shall provide the ability for the supervisor to select between two
different types of reports: 1) the operational history of the THEMAS system for
the past twelve months and 2) a statistical summary for any selected mont h. 

NPAC SMS shall support one of the digital signature algorithms listed in the OIW
Stable Implementation Agreement, Part 12, 1995. 

For the AC-130U only, externally mounted LRUs shall withstand the pressure
pulses from normal operational firing combinations of the 25mm, 40mm, and 105mm
guns at the location on the aircraft appropriate to the mountings the LRU. The
magnitude of the gunblast shall be that of the pointing and firing rate of each
gun that produces the maximum pressure pulses, or resonant conditions, within or
on the LRU. The possible combinations of firings are: 25mm & 40 mm; 25mm &
105mm; 40mm & 105mm; and each singly (25mm, 40mm, 105mm). 

Report on any water use amounts sold or given from one permit to another permit,
especially reclaimed water (reclaimed water can be taken away, depending on the
contract. It is kind-of-like “leasing” the water, but can be taken away). 

It shall be possible to send information regarding the inhibition of the
following different types of brake(M): - Regenerative brake, - Eddy current
brake, - Magnetic shoe brake. 

The Function Codes used in association with Maintenance Services Team Numbers
(CT=6) shall conform to table 9A-2. (M) 

Continuous BIT shall [SRS096] diagnose the faulty FCR within 1 second after
detecting a failure. 

When the user selects “Edit” and a flight plan has not been selected, FPMS shall
display a standard OK message box that states “Flight plan has not been
selected.” 

Fourier Transform Processing – The BE shall be able to perform Fourier Transform
the lag set time series. A power-of-two complex-to-complex Fast Fourier
Transform with retention of all output positive and negative frequencies will be
used. This process must be able to accept as input the output of any of the time
domain processes. 

The algorithmic accuracy of all flight planning calculations shall not deviate
by more than 10% when compared with a mission flown by a validated 6
degree-of-freedom air vehicle simulator. [SSS090] 

When executing in the Normal Startup Mode, the TCS shall provide the system
functionality necessary to initialize the system to place it in the Operations
State within 60 seconds from the time power is supplied and the TCS application
is launched. [SSS024] 

Hardware identification – The CMIB shall be capable of reading a 16-bit
identifier from the host correlator board. This identifier will be used to form
a unique IP address for CMIB network addressing and allow carry over IP
addressing for hot swap modules. 

The 3D pose estimation of the camera mounted on the WM could be computed based
on the image stream, with a mean error not larger than 1 cm translation and 5°
rotation, with a minimum of 30 frame/sec 

For displayed graph windows, the keyboard cursor location shall move according
the following rules: • A left arrow key moves the cursor to the next unhidden
node to the left. The node to the left does not need to be a sibling of the
current node, but it does need to be at the same level as the current node. If
there are no nodes to the left, the cursor does not move. • A right arrow key
moves the cursor to the next unhidden node to the right. The node to the right
does not need to be a sibling of the current node, but it does need to be at the
same level as the current node. If there are no nodes to the right, the cursor
does not move. • An up arrow key moves the cursor to the closest ancestor that
is not hidden. If there is no such node, the cursor does not move. • An down
arrow key moves the cursor to the leftmost, nearest descendant that is not
hidden. If there is no such node, the cursor does not move. 

The system shall determine that a flight is RVSM non-conformant in the future if
all of the following conditions are met: a. The system has a filed flight plan
for the flight b. The flight does not have one of the RVSM equipment suffixes c.
The flight is predicted to be between the static adaptable parameters FL-Lower
and FL-Upper, at any time in the flight's future. 

Determine for epoch data the astrometric parameter (with instrumental and
reduction errors): transit times and field angles in each CCD mean transit time
and field angle for the transit.Gate activation and signal loss due to window
cutoff must be taken into account. 

The network shall terminate the ongoing VGCS/VBS call if it receives the 3-digit
sequence “***” transmitted via DTMF signals. (M) 

Redundancy Management shall [SRS104] implement the following strategies to
reconfigure hardware resources: a) degrade the FCP virtual group, b)
re-integrate an FCP processor into the FCP virtual group, c) re-integrate a
Network Element, or d) mask a Network Element. 

The Development and Maintenance Environment shall be available to at least 25
developers 85% of the time during normal business hours over any consecutive
twelve month period. Normal business hours are 8am to 4pm Eastern Time, Monday
through Friday. 

The GUI shall run on Windows 2000, Sun Solaris 8, and Linux operating systems
without modification of the Java code. 

Systems supporting OM must be able to store laboratory result(s) and link the
result(s) to the original laboratory test request. More information about
receiving and linking laboratory test requests is found in section 2.5 System
Integration and Data Exchange of this document. 

The map shall be capable of displaying the following for a DMS: 1. Location 2.
Current Message 

NPAC SMS shall validate that the old Service Provider in the create message is
the Service Provider to which the TN’s NPA-NXX is assigned (as stored in the
NPAC SMS service provider data tables) if there is currently no active
Subscription Version for the TN in the NPAC SMS. 

When a TOS Message is received and it does not include at least one option
containing a route that can be parsed from departure to destination based on the
syntax for ICAO field 15c, the system shall reject the TOS message. 

When the MMI is switched on, the configuration shall be determined by the time
elapsed since the MMI was last switched off: (M) - less than t minutes – the MMI
shall power up with the same configuration as when it was last powered down; -
greater than t minutes – the MMI shall power up with default settings. 

There are two events that shall result in an alarm condition: 1) an invalid
temperature value is reported from a thermostat, or 2) the reported temperature
has exceeded the defined limits. This process shall determine which alarm event
is to be generated. 

A transaction rate of 2 CMIP transactions (sustained) per second shall be
supported by each SOA to NPAC SMS interface association. 

Upon activation of this function, the Cab radio shall provide the driver with a
list of ‘generic’ staff, eg: (M) - chief conductor; - conductor 1; - conductor
2; - catering staff 1. 

The NDE Ingest capability shall not be interrupted for more than 2 hours in any
consecutive 24 hour period and no more than 4 hours in any consecutive 30 day
period. 

The DigitalHome shall be equipped with various environmental controllers and
sensors (temperature controller-sensors: thermostats, humidity
controller-sensors: humidistats, contact sensors, security sound and light
alarms, and power switches). 

Transparency – 3.7.1, above, shall be accomplished in manner that is transparent
to processing, communications and I/O software functions with the possible
exception of recompilation of executables. 

The test facility shall ensure a volume of 5 m (L)x 3.5 m (W)x 3 m (H) in order
to allow the integration of the test bench and all required components for the
regular performance of the demonstration 

If the failed FCP processor has not synced in 2.5 seconds after the surviving
triplex has detected the loss of the FCP, then the surviving triplex shall
[SRS178], within 1 second, send a single voted VMEbus reset through the NE to
the failed FCP. 

When the system receives a Flight Plan message or an Airline Flight Create
message to create a new flight that has: a. Same flight ID as an existing
flight, and b. Same destination (but with different origin) as that existing
flight, And that existing flight has: c. A departure time within 10 hours prior
to the new flight's departure time, and d. A status of "cancelled", i.e.
'diversion cancelled', the system shall identify the new flight to be an 'auto'
Diversion Recovery flight. 

The mechanical interface shall withstand, in connected mode, all mechanical
loads induced by the demonstration operations: - Axial Force: 250 / 160 N -
Radial Force: 250 / 160 N - Bending Moment: 204 / 84 Nm - Torsion: TBD Nm As
function of the gravity compensation of the SM (TBC). 

RAM scrub shall [SRS187] be capable of scrubbing at least 10 megabytes every 8
minutes, given at least 1% of the CPU is available for this processing. 

The ETCS trainborne equipment shall be capable of supervising the following
operational states: (M) 1. Full Supervision operation 2. Partial Supervision
operation - Staff Responsible operation - On Sight operation - Unfitted Line
operation - Train Trip operation - Post Trip operation 3. National operation
(STM) 4. Tandem operation 5. Multiple operation 6. Shunting operation 7. Stand
By operation 8. Reversing operation 

Both the SOA to NPAC SMS and the NPAC SMS to Local SMS interfaces shall be
available on a 24 by 7 basis, consistent with other availability requirements in
this specification. 

Continuous BIT shall [SRS095] exercise the presence test at 50 Hz to ensure that
all processors in the FCP virtual group are synchronized. 

The System shall comply with ESPC (DoC/NOAA/NESDIS) procedures and policies as
stated in the NOAA IT Security Manual 212-1300, Version 3.3, dated May 15, 2007.

When the network has detected the 3-digit DTMF sequence “###” transmitted via
DTMF from a controller terminal and if the controller was not previously talking
it should indicate its recognition by playing a single DTMF grant tone “#” of
duration of 100ms ± 5ms to be sent to that controller terminal only. (O) 

The system administrator shall be able to configure the recalculation behavior
of the derived data. The options shall include 1) do nothing, 2) alert user that
recalculation is required and give option to recalculate before update/save, and
3) recalculate silently with no confirmation prompt when user saves the
inspection. 

A DH user shall be able to set the thermostat temperatures to between 60 ° F and
80 ° F, inclusive, at one degree increments. 

Track the movement of lapsed quantities in an area, including: • Which permit
and well obtained the lapsed quantities. • Where the lapsed quantities are
located. • Why the quantities are lapsed (i.e. expired, cancelled, retired). •
What MFL zone the lapsed quantities are in. 

Continuous BIT shall [SRS098] report all diagnosed failures and recovery actions
to the application for incorporation in the telemetry stream. 

The following minimum values shall apply: (M) - coverage probability of 95%
based on a coverage level of 38.5 dBmV/m (-98 dBm) for voice and non-safety
critical data; - coverage probability of 95% based on a coverage level of 41.5
dBmV/m (-95 dBm) on lines with ETCS levels 2/3 for speeds lower than or equal to
220km/h. 

If the HATS-GUI attempts to start a HATS-SML program and fails, the HATS-GUI
shall notify the user by displaying the following message: “Unable to start
HATS-SML.” The HATS-GUI shall provide any other details related to the failure
that are available from the Host OS. Examples of information available from an
operating system include indications that a specified file does ot exist, that a
file cannot be opened due to file protection violations, or that errors occurred
during I/O operations. 

If an FCR is diagnosed as faulty during Startup, Redundancy Management shall
[SRS102] exclude the FCP in the faulty channel from the initial FCP virtual
group configuration. 

Organizational maintenance consists of fault detection & isolation, faulty
component removal & replacement, and system checkout. Maintenance personnel
shall use Built in Test (BIT) to facilitate LBJ maintenance and verify equipment
condition and operability. Adjustments and alignments shall not be required
after LRU replacement. The equipment installation shall be designed to permit
modular replacement without removal of adjacent modules. The integrated aircraft
system installation shall not interfere with removal/replacement of other
aircraft systems. 

Continuous BIT, in conjunction with Redundancy Management and Scheduler
operations running in the 50 Hz rategroup after the application tasks, shall
[SRS091] take less than 2 milliseconds under nominal no-fault conditions. 

NPAC SMS shall accept the following optional fields from NPAC personnel or the
new Service Provider upon Subscription Version creation for an Inter-Service
Provider port: - Billing Service Provider ID - End User Location - Value - End
User Location - Type 

Report compliance on a permit (not wells). Crop reports on permits (not wells).

How the ASPERA-3 and MEX OA data and exactly what data sets are to be
distributed to each Co-I shall be determined by the needs and resources
available six months prior to MEX launch. The distribution mechanisms shall be
clearly defined/described in the APAF Operation Procedures Document. 

The user shall not be required to log in or authenticate his/her identity when
using the system. 

NPAC SMS shall receive the Service Provider ID, a request to view subscription
data, and optionally the subscription data status types to be returned (e.g.,
active only, active or pending) for queries regarding subscription data for a
specific Service Provider. 

RAM scrub shall [SRS043] actively trigger the EDAC function by cyclically
reading (and writing back if an error is found) all used RAM. 

Systems supporting OM must have the capability to capture data about locations
involved in an OM investigation, including: name (if applicable), type (e.g.,
floor, building, room, store), street address, city, state, zip code, country,
GPS coordinates, and other specific details (e.g., a specific building on a
campus, a business branch location, a local chapter’s meeting hall) 

The ground segment shall know at any moment the status of the different modules
of the modular spacecraft. This information is passed through two types of
telemetries: - Periodic telemetry with standardized packets. - Asynchronous
telemetry with error message. 

Monitor Compute Errors – The BE shall trap, flag and repair inf’s, NaN’s,
underflows, overflows and other computation errors. Accumulate computation error
statistics and compare against tolerances. Report all out of tolerance
conditions. 

Input – The BE System shall be capable of accepting an aggregate data input
stream from the Correlator of a minimum of 1.6 Gbytes/sec. This must be done
simultaneously with the output stream, but not necessarily over the same
interconnects. This is an initial deployment specification and will be increased
over time. 

Report the per capita daily water figures for the permitted amount, reported
amount and adjusted number for per utility. The formula for adjusted gross
capita is: WD + IM - EX -TL - SU - EM / Population where: WD = ground water &
surface water withdrawals IM = water imported/bought from another supplier EX =
Water exported/sold to other suppliers TL = treatment loss (typically R/O or
sand filtration SU = Significant uses EM = Environmental mitigation, if required
as a District permit condition. Population = Functional population 

NPAC SMS shall notify NPAC personnel upon successful creation of the new Service
Provider. 

Redundancy Management shall [SRS208], within 60 milliseconds after 1.5 minutes
has elapsed since the voted reset was sent to the failed channel, if the voted
reset fails to recover the failed channel and alignment is still allowed,
request from the application a power cycle of the channel. (Note that NEFU
recovery does not depend on whether alignment is permitted.) 

In the Normal Operations Mode the TCS shall support the following functions:
[SSS037] 1. Mission Planning 2. Mission Control and Monitoring 3. Payload
Product Management 4. Target Coordinate Development 5. C4I Systems Interface 

The tool shall change the archive field in the Species Habitat Feature and
species habitat records to TRUE. 

The SOF integrated aircraft system shall have sufficient structural integrity,
based on the original design criteria, to insure optimum system performance in
its operating environment over its service life. All new/modified
safety-of-flight, maintenance critical, and mission critical structures, which
are flight and/or pressure load design driven, shall have static margins of
safety greater than or equal to 0.25 if not structurally proof tested to
ultimate load. The Rremaining aircraft components (not on a critical parts list,
crash load design driven, and previous existing structure) shall not be degraded
below 0.0 (positive) static margin of safety. 

Continuous BIT shall [SRS093] execute on the FCP virtual group. 

The System shall be compliant with the OMB Federal Enterprise Architecture (FEA)
according to the documents dated December 2006, and available from
http://www.whitehouse.gov/omb/egov/a-2-EAModelsNEW2.html . 

The map user shall be able to alter the current magnification (zoom level) of
the map. 

The “Aircraft” screen interface shall display a checkbox followed by the
following summary of the aircraft: Name, Aircraft ID, Aircraft Model number,
Aircraft Color. 

For the NEFU, if the first failure is diagnosed, Redundancy Management shall
[SRS245] issue a configuration update to mask out the failed processor. Note
that the NE is allowed to remain in the configuration and no recovery will take
place. Note also that the failed NEFU could be diagnosed using any method,
including (but not limited to) ICP presence test, or NE syndrome analysis. 

Noise consideration on: • Flux noise (Poisson noise, total detection noise,...)
• CCD combination noise for (RVS) • Wavelength calibration • Multi-transit
combination noise (only for combined data)should be added 

The system shall provide the capability for user groups to be combined and
de-combined. 

System Initialization, from hardware reset to starting of the 50 Hz timer, shall
[SRS015] take no longer than 1.5 minutes. 

Network Protocol – The interface between the CMIB, MCCC, and CPCC shall be
Ethernet (IEEE 802.3 compliant) of 100 Mbits/sec or better data rate. 

The DMI shall indicate the result of the self-test. (M) 

NPAC SMS shall notify all accepting Local SMSs and SOAs of the NPA-NXX,
effective date, and owning Service Provider when a new NPA-NXX involved in an
NPA Split, is being ported for the first time, after the start of permissive
dialing, immediately after creation validation of a Subscription Version. 

NPAC SMS shall broadcast all additions, modifications, and deletions of NPAC
Customer names via the NPAC SMS to Local SMS interface and/or SOA to NPAC SMS
interface. 

The View/Select Text menu item shall provide an interface for selecting
pretty-printed text or text strings associated with SDT displays. 

The ceiling speed value for the unfitted operation is determined by the lower
value out of - Maximum train speed - National value for unfitted operation (M) 

Redundancy Management shall [SRS117] reintegrate a processor that is temporarily
disabled during a time when alignment was not permitted, when alignment is
subsequently permitted. Redundancy Management picks up where it left off in
these attempts. For example, if Redundancy Management is at 1 minute in its 1.5
minute wait for a channel after the first power cycle request, and alignment is
not allowed, when alignment is subsequently allowed Redundancy Management will
wait another half minute and then try the next power cycle request. 

NPAC SMS shall require NPAC personnel to specify a TN Range (NPA-NXX-xxxx
through yyyy, where yyyy is greater than xxxx) to identify multiple subscription
versions that contain a Failed SP List with one or more SPIDS, to be resent. 

NPAC SMS shall update the status of the Subscription Version(s) and the Block,
specified in the re-send request for a Block Creation, Modification, or
Deletion, at the completion of the re-send to the Local SMS, and a response from
the Local SMS or if retries have been exhausted, from a sending status, as
defined in RR3-137.1, RR3-137.2 RR3-137.3, and RR3-137.4. (Previously SV-515) 

NPAC SMS's login procedure shall be able to be reliably initiated by the user,
i.e., a trusted communications path should exist between NPAC SMS and the user
during the login procedure. 

When a user selects the Application/Select menu item, the HATS-GUI shall display
a list of directory names in the current working directory, allow a user to
navigate the directory structure, and allow a user to select a previously
created application. This application becomes the currently selected
application. 

NPAC SMS shall support the Service Providers’ acknowledgment via 2 secure
electronic forms, Email or FTP using encryption mechanisms. 

Support Services shall [SRS257] use no more than 5.2 milliseconds of FCP
processing time to move the telemetry data to the FCC-MPCC board and complete
communication and error handling for the FCC-MPCC board. 

The “Start Flight” screen shall display the flight plan(s) scheduled for the
current date using the interface as shown in Fig. 7. 

When a valid Airline Flight Modify message is received for a flight having the
flight status of "planned" or "active", the system shall update the existing
flight entry in the flight data retained by the system. 

EIRENE mobile equipment shall be capable of operating over a standard range of
temperatures from -20°C to +55°C. (M) 

As a minimum, the LBJ processors shall have an average of 50 percent spare
memory and 50 percent spare throughput. As a goal, the spare memory and
throughput should both be 75 percent. 

When displaying the VIL Precipitation Mosaic data, the system shall provide the
capability to display the number of the precipitation levels as the following:
a. Up to six levels (1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6) for displaying the past and current data
in Standard Mode b. Up to eight levels (1a, 1b, 1c, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6) for
displaying the past and current data in Winter Mode c. Up to four levels (1, 2,
3-4, 5+) for displaying the forecasted data in Standard Mode d. Up to three
levels (1a, 1b, 1c+) for displaying the forecasted data in Winter Mode. 

The HATS-GUI shall collect process exit codes from HATS-SML processes. Process
exit codes of 0 indicate nominal completion of the process. Process exit codes
other than 0 indicate failure. 

Once an Center is selected, the user shall be able to select a CCTV from a list
and provide the following information: · Target CCTV · Device control including:
- Pan - Tilt - Zoom 

Within each GSM-R network, the following relationships between the MSISDN
Subscriber Number and the National EIRENE Number can be identified: - the MSISDN
Subscriber Number shall be equal to the National EIRENE Number for Call Type =
8; (M) - the MSISDN number may be equal to the National EIRENE Number for any
other Call Type. (O) 

The Cab radio shall arbitrate between calls when: - an incoming call is received
whilst the Cab radio is in an on-going call; (M) - a Cab radio user attempts to
initiate a call whilst the Cab radio is in an on-going call. (M) 

When actual route data is not available, the system shall retain as part of the
flight intent data, the most probable previously used route data associated with
the city-pair, user group, and/or aircraft type of subject flight. 

ESPC Operations shall provide an interface between NDE and the NPOESS Mission
Management Center (MMC) such that 100% of the NDE inquiries to the MMC and NDE
replies to MMC requests are received by the MMC in a time not to exceed that
specified in the ICD, and that 100% of the notifications and inquiries from the
MMC to NDE are received by NDE in a time not to exceed that specified by the
ICD. 

The user shall be able to enter a WHERE clause of the SQL query in the Find and
the Filter window and run a query against the bridges in the database. The query
will be verified by the application and SQL errors will be reported to the user
for correction. This capability shall be an application privilege. Bridge-level
security of the user shall be applied automatically. 

The components of the modular spacecraft: subsystems, interfaces and structures
shall be able to withstand the space environment for the whole duration of the
mission. 

The Cab radio shall support a ‘shunting mode’ of operation that provides a link
assurance tone to reassure users of the integrity of the communication link (see
section 14). (M) 

The equipment shall be capable of coping with temperature variations of up to
+/- 1°C/minute. (M) 

Redundancy Management shall [SRS101] define an initial mapping of physical
hardware to virtual group identifiers consisting of 1 quadruplex FCP virtual
group and 5 ICP simplexes. 

The system shall be able to provide information about the state of a power
switch (OFF or ON), indicating the whether an appliance connected to the power
switch is OFF or ON. 

The scheduler shall [SRS181] set the 50 Hz interval timer to a count down value
so as to cause the next minor frame interrupt at 20 msec from the previous
interrupt congruently in all operational FCPs. 

The CO must respond within 1 minute in both single and multi player modes. 

There is a quality of service requirement for handover executions (eg a break of
10s would clearly be unacceptable to the user). 300ms represents our current
best estimate of the QoS figure, although this will need to be confirmed through
user trials. (I) 

Transfer to Shunting on driver’s selection shall only be possible when
stationary. (M) 

The Enhanced ALQ-172 and LBJ installation shall be designed to meet the
requirements of MIL-STD-464 Paragraphs 5.2, 5.7.1, 5.7.2, 5.8, 5.10 through
5.10.2, and 5.10.4. 

ASPERA-3 and MEX OA IDFS data and any APAF-generated intermediate files of
ASPERA-3 and MEX OA cleaned-up telemetry shall be provided to all ASPERA-3
Co-I’s. 

RAM scrub shall [SRS044] report detected errors to the application, congruently
on all channels, via an API service for inclusion in the telemetry stream. 

NPAC SMS shall default the long Initial Concurrence Window tunable parameter to
9 business hours. 

When the user selects “Delete” and a route has been selected, FPMS shall display
a standard Yes-No message box that states “Are you sure that you want to delete
this route?” 

The WM shall be able to parse information from/to its data interface through the
two SI extremities and translate it in its own local bus for Real-Timer monitor
and control of its joins. 

The installation of the Enhanced ALQ-172 and LBJ shall: Operate during
accelerations: Per AC-130U and MC-130H design parameters. Operate after
accelerations: Per AC-130U and MC-130H design parameters. Crash loads: All fixed
and removable equipment and their subcomponent installations, should be able to
withstand the aircraft design load factors or the following load factors,
whichever are greater: Longitudinal: 9.0 forward, 1.5 aft Lateral: 1.5 right and
left Vertical: 4.5 down, 2.0 up 

The scheduler shall [SRS035] provide rate groups that execute at 50 Hz, 10 Hz
and 1 Hz., with a drift rate no greater than 50 microseconds per second, and
with a jitter no greater than 330 microseconds. 

The system shall convert the following CIWS weather products to a quantized form
before making the data available for display: a. VIL Precipitation Mosaic b. VIL
Precipitation Forecast Mosaic c. CIWS Echo Tops Mosaic d. CIWS Echo Tops
Forecast Mosaic. 

The structure of the modules shall be able to carry its own mass under the
gravity force and the loads introduced by the “walking” robot-system during the
manipulation of the SMs. 

Track and measure alternative source projects (note: some of these may be
included in table 8): • Surface water or stormwater projects. • Reclaimed water
(reuse water). • Augmented surface water (reservoirs, harvesting of high flows
(floodwaters). • ASR (Aquifer storage recovery) • Desalination. • Conservation
(defined as a beneficial reduction of water use resulting in: o modification of
water use practices, o reduction of unaccounted-for losses, or o installation
and maintenance of low volume water use systems, processes, fixtures, or
devices. 

NPAC SMS shall allow Service Providers to add/delete the NPA-NXX and/or LRN data
via the NPAC SMS to Local SMS interface and SOA to NPAC SMS interface provided
the changes do not cause mass updates to the Subscription Versions. 

Card 1 of the Google Glass screen shall display the text “ETA: “directly below
the text “RTA; “of the next waypoint that the pilot is approaching, followed by
a number value that represents the real-time ETA value for that waypoint. 

The train shall leave Partial Supervision when the trainborne equipment is not
operative any longer, when Shunting is selected or when Full Supervision is
available. (M) 

Initialization of the TCS HWCIs shall include startup of HWCIs [SSS542],
download of software [SSS026], startup of CSCIs [SSS027], execution of Startup
FD/L [SSS025], and establishment of the state of readiness of all interfaces.
[SSS028] 

Any APAF-generated intermediate files of ASPERA-3 and MEX OA cleaned-up
telemetry that are electronically distributed shall be provided to the ASPERA-3
Co-I’s within 24 hours of acquiring ASPERA-3 and MEX OA telemetry as long as the
transmission and processing are error-free. 

Systems supporting OM must support dynamically defined associations between
entities for the purpose of defining relationships. For example,
person-to-person (e.g., family relationship, exposure relationship),
person-to-place (e.g., household, common place), animal-to-person,
object-to-place, person-to-travel. 

RAM scrub shall [SRS275] not scrub the area used for telemetry data. 

The TCS will provide the hardware and software necessary to allow the operator
to conduct the following major functions 1) mission planning, 2) mission control
and monitoring, 3) payload product management, 4) targeting, and 5) C4I system
interface. 

When the system receives an IADE message, the system shall acceptance check
those fields of the received message having possible ranges of values, for being
within their pre-defined range. 

The SVC OBC shall be able to detect and use additional functional modules (plug
& play principle) 

When a valid NAS Cancellation message or an IADE Flight Plan Cancellation
message is received for a flight having the status of "planned" and no Flight
Create or Flight Modify message has been received for the flight and no other
flight plan exists for the flight in a "non-cancelled" status, the system shall
update the flight's status to "cancelled". 

The FPMS shall obtain the list of airports from the airport.xml file upon
initialization of the system. 

Characters * and # may be used locally to gain access to special facilities such
as short code dialling. However, these arrangements do not form part of the
network numbering plan. (I) 

The HATS-GUI shall display 1,000,000 node SDTs in the same amount of time, plus
or minus two seconds, as it takes to display a 10,000 node SDT. 

Security - Network routers/switches shall be employed at the MCCCEVLA M&C
interface level (or higher) to protect the MCCC from unauthorized access and
irrelevant network traffic. 

Data Invalid – The BE shall replace all invalid data with zero values. 
